Qian Yao, just follow his bosses
Did you solve it on land in an instant?
Hahaha
Qianyao, I have admired you for a long time
Now you will follow me
Let go of me
Dare to resist
Let go of the young army now
Young soldier, save me
Oh, help me!
Come on, hahaha.
Royal KTV is my home turf
You screamed and no one came to save you
Hahahahaha
Shen Tianyao, let me tell you
You don't make us comfortable today
Don't even think about leaving this door
Don't let me go
Do you know who I am?
I don't care who you are.
Who dares to touch Shen Qianyao today?
I will kill anyone
kid
Are you fighting against the three loyal and filial families?
Why not the three major families?
I will be there today.
Concubine Shen is leaving
I see how many of you dare to stop me